0:01 Alright, so what I'm thinking actually, uhm, is just having a JDR or Allstead here, so you just click it if it's JDR time, and click it if it's Allstead time, so that's how we, during this capture phase, specify it, and then I will, uhm, in the sheet, wherever it is, yeah, yeah.
0:23 so here it's basically the way that'll work is so I'll just put it in here for now just so that it's clear for us which one's which That's JDR time, and that's Allstead time, so all we're doing, really, is, uhm Thank you is basically kind of specifying who the time's on.
1:29 So if we were able to do that at this point, just go, right, this is JDR time, that's JDR time.
1:38 So that's Allstead, that's Allstead, that's Allstead, uh, that's JDR. So that's all I want the guy to do at that stage, and then when he moves on to the next bit.
1:48 So, I think there's weight it's just way too heavy in this you shouldn't kind of see any of this really I think I think like I said the notes because it's already being done over here in Billing comment we don't need that because we're going to be able to edit it um so I think it's just probably um you
2:07 know obviously kind of we've predefined which one it is JDR Allstead so having that here um would be able to like we'd be able to select it and remove it or keep it which means we'd be able to get rid of that activity type because obviously it just comes down to um JDR Allstead now that's kind of superseded
2:26 that then activity group we would, like I said, I see this search code working a bit for this. What I have noticed though, if I just, so if I use transfer for example you see this um they all appear to be the same.
2:45 I don't know if, like, if I selected one it would do something differently. But, um, I'm not, I'm not getting it really.
2:54 Um, I know that we used to put like a comment in there and it's not, doesn't seem to be doing that anymore.
2:59 Um, and yeah kind of like when we're, when we're showing it I guess, um, again I don't want to keep pushing everything him right so it's just understanding how we can do it whilst not not making the kind of not taking over the screen.
3:16 I want to speak to Claude about it here just how to uh I guess kind of all we're really trying to do is is clarify at this stage isn't it and kind of like work out okay this is JR time and then from the list this is what it is.
3:33 Um, like I say it seems to be quite a lot of repetition in there. I don't know, um, if we're able to show maybe, you know, a bit more kind of, um, because I don't know which one to pick because it doesn't, it's not jumping out at me like I said there's there's three different cable routes in there and
3:50 if I pick one I don't actually I don't see this updated and I don't see um the difference you know if I'd have picked the other one nothing's changed nothing really changes so I think there's something behind the scenes but it's just not doing it and it's probably it comes down to the comment you know
4:08 that um that then puts in but we're not we're not able to see the comment when we're looking at this we're just seeing the the label I think that probably makes sense maybe what I'm trying to get out there and also when I press that it disappears over time so we don't want to do that it's like right 
4:27 okay you see what I mean it's just gone now so for a guy who's trying to review the times of a whole shift it's like all of a sudden he's like losing it, he's like where is it now and I know it's in here but this is this is quite disconnected as well you still want to see it for all the shifts but it's
4:48 almost like you could put like a you know a padlock on it when you're happy with it and it would then grey it out maybe or something like that and then once it's all complete it's