0:01 Hello mate, uhm, so as we've got the selectors up here now, I'm thinking the date and team can be kind of like, auto-populated from these if you like.
0:13 Uhm, do you know what I mean? So because, because I've selected that, selected that, I've selected that. I've no idea what's happening there.
0:27 Is that deselecting? yeah maybe we need something else for this because it's like not quite obvious what's happening Uhm, and that looks like it's, that looks like it's team 1.
0:45 Uhm, but paste rows, can that stay up here and add row, can we bring that down here? So you're adding a row to a team, because if we do that then we can get rid of date and team and it's just start time, end time, uh, and then location and notes, uh, which means we've got a lot more kind of space on 
1:04 the screen then uh, because we're using these as selectors. yeah maybe we kind of if you push this along a little bit and then you could have kind of like a selected bit box there that's blank right now it'd be blank but then if i was to select 17 over here it would say like 17 for the 7th and like a
1:30 square there and then once i select that it would say team 1 or something like that just just an idea just a suggestion um i can't i don't know why but i can't select for that one like See how it jumps, mate?
1:49 See how it keeps jumping, jumping, jumping, like every time I click on anything? It's just awful, like, there's no form to it, you know what I mean?
1:59 It's not, the fact that it's doing that, it's just, um, irritating me massively. Um, yeah, so like I said we can kind of reduce this down, um, obviously on the on the capture side I don't know how it, like, here, so it's just dates, teams, start time, end time, location, notes if you were to paste it
2:19 in, so those six, so it doesn't have anything to do with activity group at that stage so I assume it's logged like differently after, um, maybe we could kind of put a duration in as well like a duration decimal or something just so we can we can add it up as we go like I know kind of how much is against
2:43 the team and we can kind of highlight to the yeah maybe in that same box over here kind of like duration you know total duration so you can kind of see as you're adding it up you know what's what's done and what's outstanding if you like Yeah, okay.