0:01 Alright mate, so I'm just, uhm, just looking at this, uhm, to clarify now, it doesn't look like I've asked you to make it.
0:10 So, obviously, as before I said, I wanted it to look, uhm, this still, like, I should be able to click this.
0:20 Like, it does when I'm on there, but if I'm on here, it doesn't let me navigate here. Do you know what I mean?
0:26 So I want to be able to do that because it's a pain clicking into there. So I've locked all of these and then I would be able to go into to clarify but this is still not been updated so it makes it look as if it's, uhm, similar in some way to this.
0:42 Do you know what I mean? This is, uhm, what I wanted, wasn't it? Uhm, that it's the kind of same look because otherwise it's inconsistent and it's just a mass of information in clarify.
0:54 It's like then I've got to go through this shit from 14th to the 6th, or 20th to the 6th, and it's just stuff that, this is the stuff I've just locked today, you'd have thought, uhm, there you go, is it 27th to the 7th maybe?
1:09 So it's that stuff that I've just locked this morning, that I then want to be able to go and clarify, but because I'm not seeing it the right way, do you know what I mean?
1:18 It's almost like a workflow, you need to consider this. Uhm, yeah, because, uhm, yeah, I kind of, I mean, for every single day, you're going to have to capture, you're going to have to clarify, and, you know, before that, I'm saying team setup should be the top thing, because it should be really, I mean
1:39 , before team setup, really, there's personnel, personnel movements, if you like. so who's come and gone from the project today and then which teams were they on and then what was the time against the team and then kind of how is that specified how is that clarified and then do you know what I mean you're
1:57 like working down it um and that had been kind of considering how we do that in a in a kind of a view along if you like across so on another screen because at the minute we're using this as as just kind of like manually jumping from here to here and then like but almost like I said want to just kind 
2:16 of have it um and I don't like this we'll change this but um but having that kind of personnel setup that team setup and then you know then you're capturing against the team and then you're clarifying that do you know I mean it's of like what you have to do every single day to to take all this information
2:35 and make sense of it and to record what's happened where it's happened you know who it happened to this is what this whole thing's for really so I mean we're starting to tighten up on capture and I'm I'm I'm close to being happy with it um clarify like I said you know this layout should be the same as
2:53 the capture layout in the you know it's kind of to do with a date and the team and the date that's what it's to do with um and the same with the team setup is to do with the team sorry the the date and then later on this we'll be able to look that up from that team setup and then the team setups based
3:13 on people so team name is just a group of people obviously so which people were in that group what roles would they um fill in if you like but um but yeah let's um let's come to that later for now you know this is just it's just kind of like let's tighten these two up if you like so clarify long story
3:35 short I just need you to to improve the look of this so it's similar to this so I can filter it down and work on it as I'd expect the guys to do on shift if you like and then we'll take the next step.
3:46 Yeah, thanks mate.