16:04 Chat 2 People Raise React View More Camera Mic Share Leave Andrew Spence Andrew Spence Shahab Andrew Spence We can also see that in the location type. I think in location. Andrew Spence You've got you've got the location name, you've got the location ID, and then you've got the location type here. Andrew Spence So other just gets ignored tower. Andrew Spence And OSP. Andrew Spence And then I think that comes into play in required images. Andrew Spence You've got. Andrew Spence Yeah, you've got the installation TP or OSP. Andrew Spence So it's called something slightly different, isn't it? Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence Yes, it says tower there. Andrew Spence So tower equals TP and OSP equals OSP. Shahab (Unverified) So you want me to remove the? Shahab (Unverified) OS. Shahab (Unverified) PS On basis of. Andrew Spence So this is a this is a tower. Andrew Spence So I want to. Andrew Spence I want. I imagine you're looking at the required images. Andrew Spence Are you you're comparing it against the required images? Andrew Spence Yeah. So what I'm saying is you only want to look up the required images for the location based on on that. Andrew Spence Really, the TP is tail. Andrew Spence So if it's a tower, so in this case. Andrew Spence G2K04. Andrew Spence In this, in the location tab, if we look that up, we would see that. Andrew Spence It's. Andrew Spence K04 is it yeah. Andrew Spence So we can see that that is a tower, yeah. Andrew Spence And. Andrew Spence Yeah. So we know it's a tower. Andrew Spence So then we just look up the required images that have the installation phase tape type of tower or TP. Andrew Spence It's TP, it's recorded. Andrew Spence But that means tower so that's what we want to look up in here

Are you you're comparing it against the required images? Andrew Spence Yeah. So what I'm saying is you only want to look up the required images for the location based on on that. Andrew Spence Really, the TP is tail. Andrew Spence So if it's a tower, so in this case. Andrew Spence G2K04. Andrew Spence In this, in the location tab, if we look that up, we would see that. Andrew Spence It's. Andrew Spence K04 is it yeah. Andrew Spence So we can see that that is a tower, yeah. Andrew Spence And. Andrew Spence Yeah. So we know it's a tower. Andrew Spence So then we just look up the required images that have the installation phase tape type of tower or TP. Andrew Spence It's TP, it's recorded. Andrew Spence But that means tower. So that's what we want to look up in here. So it wouldn't show any of these. It would just show these TP ones here. Andrew Spence But also I think from a readability point of view. Andrew Spence You it would be better if it kind of showed this, I guess or. Andrew Spence I mean, even like, although this is great, it's a bit too much information. I think maybe if it was a kind of. Andrew Spence We've done it somewhere else where it's almost collapsible. Andrew Spence So you just want the headings. Andrew Spence So for example tpaf. Andrew Spence So I know that all these AFS are part of the as found. Andrew Spence So you could just show rather than all of this. Andrew Spence Show kind of like. Andrew Spence A. Andrew Spence A heading there if you like. So as found and then. Andrew Spence CCR, whatever that is. Andrew Spence So you look in the required installation phases. Andrew Spence So really we should be showing the installation phases here like that. Andrew Spence You see my screen here.

So then we just look up the required images that have the installation phase tape type of tower or TP. Andrew Spence It's TP, it's recorded. Andrew Spence But that means tower. So that's what we want to look up in here. So it wouldn't show any of these. It would just show these TP ones here. Andrew Spence But also I think from a readability point of view. Andrew Spence You it would be better if it kind of showed this, I guess or. Andrew Spence I mean, even like, although this is great, it's a bit too much information. I think maybe if it was a kind of. Andrew Spence We've done it somewhere else where it's almost collapsible. Andrew Spence So you just want the headings. Andrew Spence So for example tpaf. Andrew Spence So I know that all these AFS are part of the as found. Andrew Spence So you could just show rather than all of this. Andrew Spence Show kind of like. Andrew Spence A. Andrew Spence A heading there if you like. So as found and then. Andrew Spence CCR, whatever that is. Andrew Spence So you look in the required installation phases. Andrew Spence So really we should be showing the installation phases here like that. Andrew Spence You see my screen here. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence In a readable format like we don't. Andrew Spence I mean, although you can use the ID for now if you like, but for an end user they're not gonna wanna look at an ID 'cause. Sometimes it doesn't make any sense. Andrew Spence It's like looking at this doesn't make any sense to anybody, whereas if they could see. Andrew Spence This then that makes sense. Andrew Spence And then if I if I can see next to it a kind of summary like whatever 20 out of 26 you know then I could click on that. Andrew Spence And see what's being captured or. Andrew Spence I guess kind of. Andrew Spence It's what's remaining, really that's more important. Andrew Spence So in here missing it would have any of the headings on 100% who got images missing. It would have it up here that TP for example tpaf 025 missing something or you know or even like like I said before, the actual as found ins. Andrew Spence It would say there and then kind of, you know, one of 25 missing for example. Andrew Spence And then you could click on it and see which one's missing. Andrew Spence

This will build the report for you, like the reports that are already in the reports. This is a prebuilt template and once you will save it, it will show just like the reports in there. Yeah, here, yeah. Andrew Spence Why no this is this isn't what I wanted to build with Field report. Andrew Spence So what I what I was looking to do because these are so you see this template? Yeah. Andrew Spence So what? Andrew Spence What you're doing is is creating a way here of capturing. Andrew Spence Items against the template that we've we've got. So we've obviously got this, you know in the build and it's being used and we're capturing images against it. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence But what I want to do within this system is build the templates if you like. Andrew Spence So what I would be able to do is go right so. Andrew Spence What's the template called? Andrew Spence What's it kind of, you know? Is it similar to one for example? Andrew Spence But you wouldn't put this information because this is these are kind of like what is being captured against. Andrew Spence So you would then go, right? Andrew Spence So what's the template name? Andrew Spence And then it's it's the requirements, if you like, so you create. Andrew Spence Yeah. What we're effectively doing is creating an installation phase. Here you go, right? Andrew Spence What's this installation phase called? Andrew Spence And then we're going, right? Andrew Spence What are the required items? You know what I mean? Andrew Spence That was thus the what the required images. Andrew Spence I don't know why it's called record, but I think originally all we captured was images. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence

So what I what I was looking to do because these are so you see this template? Yeah. Andrew Spence So what? Andrew Spence What you're doing is is creating a way here of capturing. Andrew Spence Items against the template that we've we've got. So we've obviously got this, you know in the build and it's being used and we're capturing images against it. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence But what I want to do within this system is build the templates if you like. Andrew Spence So what I would be able to do is go right so. Andrew Spence What's the template called? Andrew Spence What's it kind of, you know? Is it similar to one for example? Andrew Spence But you wouldn't put this information because this is these are kind of like what is being captured against. Andrew Spence So you would then go, right? Andrew Spence So what's the template name? Andrew Spence And then it's it's the requirements, if you like, so you create. Andrew Spence Yeah. What we're effectively doing is creating an installation phase. Here you go, right? Andrew Spence What's this installation phase called? Andrew Spence And then we're going, right? Andrew Spence What are the required items? You know what I mean? Andrew Spence That was thus the what the required images. Andrew Spence I don't know why it's called record, but I think originally all we captured was images. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence And then the checklist is more kind of, you know, required information and then required images. Andrew Spence And we're kind of specifying it at this point. And then over here it could kind of almost like render what it would look like and then you could put kind of because you've seen how it outputs. Andrew Spence For example, kind of. If I just grab one at. Andrew Spence Then kind of be able to so this this without all the information in it. Or you could have dummy data in it or something would be over on the right as your as you're building it. If you if you like, I think that'd be. Shahab (Unverified) So basically the template that that I have built myself, you want the template that you can build the template and the user they can just open the template and they can fill it and save it as PDF. Andrew Spence They can no. So I want them to create a template there. Andrew Spence Yeah. So. Andrew Spence And then once they've created it and they they specify, it's either per OSP or per tower or both. And then within the collection build within the collection application that our users use, they would then have that list of required images and installation phases that they now have to. Andrew Spence Work so a new installation phase that you've just created in your app. Andrew Spence Shows in their collection app, so they need to collect all these new items, which will then feed your output. Andrew Spence Which is this you know so it's like then when you generate your report because every tower

Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence And then the checklist is more kind of, you know, required information and then required images. Andrew Spence And we're kind of specifying it at this point. And then over here it could kind of almost like render what it would look like and then you could put kind of because you've seen how it outputs. Andrew Spence For example, kind of. If I just grab one at. Andrew Spence Then kind of be able to so this this without all the information in it. Or you could have dummy data in it or something would be over on the right as your as you're building it. If you if you like, I think that'd be. Shahab (Unverified) So basically the template that that I have built myself, you want the template that you can build the template and the user they can just open the template and they can fill it and save it as PDF. Andrew Spence They can no. So I want them to create a template there. Andrew Spence Yeah. So. Andrew Spence And then once they've created it and they they specify, it's either per OSP or per tower or both. And then within the collection build within the collection application that our users use, they would then have that list of required images and installation phases that they now have to. Andrew Spence Work so a new installation phase that you've just created in your app. Andrew Spence Shows in their collection app, so they need to collect all these new items, which will then feed your output. Andrew Spence Which is this, you know. So it's like then when you generate your report, because every tower that somebody goes onto work to now you've outlined these new required images that they have to start capturing once they've completed the installation phase, then you can generate your report and it. Andrew Spence Would output like this. Andrew Spence But this is basically. Andrew Spence This. Andrew Spence Should be like a template builder rather than rather than filling in a template. Andrew Spence This is this is the master builder. If you like the. This builds the master template. Shahab (Unverified) Gorder it will be done, yeah. Andrew Spence It's great. That'd be such. I mean, even looking at this, mate, you can see how this would be perfect for that, but it's just at the minute this is just a manual entry thing, whereas the build. Andrew Spence This this is the manual entry thing if you like. Andrew Spence It's how somebody collects it. But then what I'm doing here is kind of like because at the minute this this is the kind of like reviewing. Andrew Spence But then what we're trying to do here? Andrew Spence This is before reviewing before capture. Andrew Spence This is the preparation I guess. Andrew Spence This is like project preparation, which I think because at the minute that's one of my biggest problems. Mate is kind of because guys get on site and they go, oh, do you know, this should say that and that should say that and this image should say that and. Andrew Spence That should say that. Andrew Spence And I'm just chasing my ******* tail all the time. Andrew Spence And it's so frustrating because then you're trying to get somebody's idea. Andrew Spence But if they can put it in here. Andrew Spence It comes out here. Andrew Spence And if they can actually alter the way the PDF looks as well

Andrew Spence They can no. So I want them to create a template there. Andrew Spence Yeah. So. Andrew Spence And then once they've created it and they they specify, it's either per OSP or per tower or both. And then within the collection build within the collection application that our users use, they would then have that list of required images and installation phases that they now have to. Andrew Spence Work so a new installation phase that you've just created in your app. Andrew Spence Shows in their collection app, so they need to collect all these new items, which will then feed your output. Andrew Spence Which is this, you know. So it's like then when you generate your report, because every tower that somebody goes onto work to now you've outlined these new required images that they have to start capturing once they've completed the installation phase, then you can generate your report and it. Andrew Spence Would output like this. Andrew Spence But this is basically. Andrew Spence This. Andrew Spence Should be like a template builder rather than rather than filling in a template. Andrew Spence This is this is the master builder. If you like the. This builds the master template. Shahab (Unverified) Gorder it will be done, yeah. Andrew Spence It's great. That'd be such. I mean, even looking at this, mate, you can see how this would be perfect for that, but it's just at the minute this is just a manual entry thing, whereas the build. Andrew Spence This this is the manual entry thing if you like. Andrew Spence It's how somebody collects it. But then what I'm doing here is kind of like because at the minute this this is the kind of like reviewing. Andrew Spence But then what we're trying to do here? Andrew Spence This is before reviewing before capture. Andrew Spence This is the preparation I guess. Andrew Spence This is like project preparation, which I think because at the minute that's one of my biggest problems. Mate is kind of because guys get on site and they go, oh, do you know, this should say that and that should say that and this image should say that and. Andrew Spence That should say that. Andrew Spence And I'm just chasing my ******* tail all the time. Andrew Spence And it's so frustrating because then you're trying to get somebody's idea. Andrew Spence But if they can put it in here. Andrew Spence It comes out here. Andrew Spence And if they can actually alter the way the PDF looks as well with regards to a header or the colors used or all that nonsense, or the font or or anything if they can adjust the template and then and then. Andrew Spence So that's the template builder and then the output of the reports. For example, we can. We can then go here and view the output based on what we just built. Andrew Spence Because it's just images and information, mate. That's brilliant. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah, we can. We can do that. Andrew Spence I yeah, because I should be then 22 sections we could almost like start to separate stuff from a reviewer and a builder point of view. Andrew Spence Do you know what I mean? Andrew Spence I mean it could be the you know I think I think even when

Shahab (Unverified) Got it. Shahab (Unverified) And if you go to punch list like that is you know the task manager. Shahab (Unverified) Like you have the can you board? Shahab (Unverified) Can you there is board there? Andrew Spence Sorry, I went to a new class which one time. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah, but you can. Shahab (Unverified) You can sort it into list and you can sort it into board like on the top right, top right. Andrew Spence Yeah, sorry. Shahab (Unverified) Bored. Yeah. OK. Shahab (Unverified) So here like there are issues you can like the open ones, you can assign them to you know the team. Shahab (Unverified) Which one to assign and even other person they can assign other people that like issues which are open in progress and then resolve like we can give specific person the ability to mark these as resolved and these when this will be done they will be automatically you know. Shahab (Unverified) When something is fixed or you know something is pending, working on like the To Do List in in in that one. Shahab (Unverified) So this is basically the To Do List, so you can open the you know string inside the string there will be. Shahab (Unverified) Tower insight tower. Shahab (Unverified) There will be another tower. Shahab (Unverified) You know, Tower task 1234, whatever you name it. Shahab (Unverified) And then you can assign assign person. Shahab (Unverified) And then when these will be done, they will automatically be saved in the reports and you know the tower compliances. Andrew Spence That's really good. We have. Andrew Spence See, we have. Andrew Spence Completion check report and in that. Andrew Spence There are that. Andrew Spence That's when we go on and we check all of our works to make sure everything's done. Andrew Spence As we expect it to be. Andrew Spence So that could kind of help to fill this out a little bit as well. If there's anything missing. Andrew Spence And then also as as the work's going on, we the first thing we do is an as found inspection. Andrew Spence So we get onto the tower. Andrew Spence We transfer across. Andrew Spence And then we make sure we check in in for damage basically. Andrew Spence So we're checking it's damaged.

Shahab (Unverified) So here like there are issues you can like the open ones, you can assign them to you know the team. Shahab (Unverified) Which one to assign and even other person they can assign other people that like issues which are open in progress and then resolve like we can give specific person the ability to mark these as resolved and these when this will be done they will be automatically you know. Shahab (Unverified) When something is fixed or you know something is pending, working on like the To Do List in in in that one. Shahab (Unverified) So this is basically the To Do List, so you can open the you know string inside the string there will be. Shahab (Unverified) Tower insight tower. Shahab (Unverified) There will be another tower. Shahab (Unverified) You know, Tower task 1234, whatever you name it. Shahab (Unverified) And then you can assign assign person. Shahab (Unverified) And then when these will be done, they will automatically be saved in the reports and you know the tower compliances. Andrew Spence That's really good. We have. Andrew Spence See, we have. Andrew Spence Completion check report and in that. Andrew Spence There are that. Andrew Spence That's when we go on and we check all of our works to make sure everything's done. Andrew Spence As we expect it to be. Andrew Spence So that could kind of help to fill this out a little bit as well. If there's anything missing. Andrew Spence And then also as as the work's going on, we the first thing we do is an as found inspection. Andrew Spence So we get onto the tower. Andrew Spence We transfer across. Andrew Spence And then we make sure we check in in for damage basically. Andrew Spence So we're checking it's damaged. Andrew Spence We take pictures of the damage we record that so that when we leave it and we take pictures of damage, we have to then take responsibility for anything we call almost like a hire car. Andrew Spence You know, it's like if he goes to get a hire car, then you need to check in for damage and then when you hand it back, if it's more damaged, obviously you have to pay for it. Andrew Spence You. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence We go on there first. Andrew Spence That's what that's when we do an internal check completion check report. We check it internally to make sure there's nothing outstanding from outside with the works, and then as left is when we give it back to the client when you know that's when we're given the hire car. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence Back so completion check is when we we're having a look at the car before we give it back to them just to make sure that you know we haven't damaged anything that we can fix ourselves if you like. Andrew Spence Or or if there's any works that we haven't, we said we'd do and we we haven't done. And then that's when we give it back to them. Andrew Spence So the reason I'm telling you those is at those

Andrew Spence We go on there first. Andrew Spence That's what that's when we do an internal check completion check report. We check it internally to make sure there's nothing outstanding from outside with the works, and then as left is when we give it back to the client when you know that's when we're given the hire car. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah. Andrew Spence Back so completion check is when we we're having a look at the car before we give it back to them just to make sure that you know we haven't damaged anything that we can fix ourselves if you like. Andrew Spence Or or if there's any works that we haven't, we said we'd do and we we haven't done. And then that's when we give it back to them. Andrew Spence So the reason I'm telling you those is at those points we could kind of have things that that pull out and get stored in here and then we could also have another way. You know, even if it's just kind of in the app, some in the build or. Andrew Spence In our build, when we when we create it that yeah, we can log, we can log a snack or we what we call punches. Andrew Spence Yeah. So we call them either snags or punches really offshore. Andrew Spence But you can. Andrew Spence You can log those as you go and go right? Andrew Spence There's an issue. Andrew Spence There's an issue there. Andrew Spence But I think that would be good. Shahab (Unverified) Yeah, we can, we can. Shahab (Unverified) You know, map punch list with. Shahab (Unverified) With the sheet. Andrew Spence What does this do? Shahab (Unverified) The goal for this one was to when? Shahab (Unverified) Like when the tower is completed. So on the on the completion like when you are handing over you know the so there you can preview all of the reports and you know one section. Shahab (Unverified) So this was a very initial idea. So as leftover like, you know. Yeah. So that was very initial one. But the later I moved it to the reports and you know we added tower compliance and the other compliances as well. Andrew Spence That's great because that so if we consider it, you know, if you make it in a list, it's almost like field reports. Andrew Spence And then so because that's where we're creating it and then it's images because that's what's been initially recorded against each thing and then it's reports because that's when it's been generated. Andrew Spence And then the handover packs comes after. Andrew Spence So handover pack, this is a really good one this because. Andrew Spence Again, kind of similar to what I said with field reports and how you can construct it. Andrew Spence It would also be good to be able to do that with with the handover pack, so to see that you've got I mean because it is a set standard. To be honest, you kind of like you. Andrew Spence You output this and then that, and then that, and then that and then that and then it also kind of, you know the actual folder full of images gets kind of downloaded in a in. Andrew Spence A. Andrew Spence In a zip folder and the images get made into one. Sorry the PDFs. Andrew Spence Get compiled into one big PDF and that's a job for somebody. Andrew Spence So this would this would remove that entirely and make it so that so that you just kind of it just generates all of the most recent documentation as they are in reports and then comp

Shahab (Unverified) With the sheet. Andrew Spence What does this do? Shahab (Unverified) The goal for this one was to when? Shahab (Unverified) Like when the tower is completed. So on the on the completion like when you are handing over you know the so there you can preview all of the reports and you know one section. Shahab (Unverified) So this was a very initial idea. So as leftover like, you know. Yeah. So that was very initial one. But the later I moved it to the reports and you know we added tower compliance and the other compliances as well. Andrew Spence That's great because that so if we consider it, you know, if you make it in a list, it's almost like field reports. Andrew Spence And then so because that's where we're creating it and then it's images because that's what's been initially recorded against each thing and then it's reports because that's when it's been generated. Andrew Spence And then the handover packs comes after. Andrew Spence So handover pack, this is a really good one this because. Andrew Spence Again, kind of similar to what I said with field reports and how you can construct it. Andrew Spence It would also be good to be able to do that with with the handover pack, so to see that you've got I mean because it is a set standard. To be honest, you kind of like you. Andrew Spence You output this and then that, and then that, and then that and then that and then it also kind of, you know the actual folder full of images gets kind of downloaded in a in. Andrew Spence A. Andrew Spence In a zip folder and the images get made into one. Sorry the PDFs. Andrew Spence Get compiled into one big PDF and that's a job for somebody. Andrew Spence So this would this would remove that entirely and make it so that so that you just kind of it just generates all of the most recent documentation as they are in reports and then compiles them into one. Andrew Spence What I will say is there are there are some things we do that are too complex for for these. Andrew Spence So we, I mean these at the minute are the field reports, but we haven't actually started bringing in the. Andrew Spence The. Andrew Spence The required tests or the the tests outputs. Andrew Spence So these so required tests are the same as installation phases basically and then required images. Andrew Spence They are almost written into the the test if you like. Andrew Spence So test required images. Andrew Spence It's more hard coded. Andrew Spence And it's not that kind of that parent child relationship. Andrew Spence It's just all in that one row. Andrew Spence Be kind of the name of it and the required images if you like or required test readings. Andrew Spence That kind of thing. Andrew Spence But then the output is a single row against the test, the same as field reports there. But then you have test photos, which is the same as photos. Andrew Spence So you do have a parent child relationship here. Andrew Spence You just don't have it at the required level but that