0:02 Alright, uhm, just looking at this. Uhm, I do like it in general, uhm, but I'm just thinking when we, because these are pretty standard, yeah, so if you want, I can give you a list of, of the usual roles that will be there, uhm, if we, in JDR mapping as well.
0:20 Uhm, let's remove, uhm, JDR and just call it mapping, uhm, maybe DPR mapping, or site mapping, something like that but within that let's let's kind of put that in there if you like so that so that when you're and, uhm, when we're dealing with this, it kind of says, you know, that, that, you know, possible
0:48 role type is there, uhm, I think that would work better. Sorry mate, I keep losing my screen. Uhm, so, yeah, so, yeah, so basically if I, you know, so when I add role rather than it be like this it'd be the possible roles in like like this so then just click it and then it would be like so instead of
1:16 having to type HP it would just add HP block, uhm, uhm, yeah, and then, yeah, I think that would be easier, uhm, I like this kind of, you know, having this dropdown, I don't even need the JDR there, it's just kind of just having the name, uhm, because obviously it kind of makes it encroach on this I 
1:37 guess, or, uhm, we could, uhm, we could move it left so it kind of like goes over there, but I can't see it at the minute, you can see it's cut off.
1:47 Uhm, so that's another thing and being able to so if I click that it lets me type a name in yeah so if I if I click this HP or I don't know how we do it if there's like a little kind of like edit button or if you when you click the HP it brings up the I think maybe that's better so if I click HP obviously
2:14 it's got a name in it but if I just click the name it gives this suggested names there if I click the HP it gives the roles basically like the suggested role grid that we're talking about so you know with these predefined ones that are in mapping it would give the options there So then we could quite
2:31 easily just change the team setup. We've got a team 3 there, and then if we could add a text box there that's a description.
2:40 And then also kind of like the the shift time as well like shift start time or something you know whatever just the time and then the end times always plus 12 if you like and then maybe again I don't know if you do it here or the team setup If you were to be able to link these together, if this one's
3:12 at 6.30, for example, this one's at 18.30, I want to be able to link them together, create some kind of link for that day, like part.
3:20 Back team is what they'll be, uhm, but yeah and then, like I said, so it's like the name and then the, you know, the label against the team for that day, what they're, what they're doing, I guess, is kind of what we'd call them, uhm, but this is, this is the ID that never really changes, it's just a 
3:37 description for that day, could change, uhm, but yeah, that would be, uhm, that would be good. If I delete, it does take a long time to reflect, I don't know if there's something that can be done about that, speed it up, And then if I, I could, if I could, like, if we had one of those, like, options 
4:04 at the side where I could click that and then drag it up to the top, you know what I mean, to move them around, because the order, the order matters, maybe not terribly, but to me it does, because I'm kind of, I want to see the HP at the top and then the fiber and then CT at the bottom, like this, but
4:20 this one's set up differently, so I kind of, I want to be able to move it up, but I can do it, because I can just delete it, but it's just, uhm, it's just laborious that, whereas if I was just able to move bit, it would be far easier.
4:36 These colours are kind of predefined to them. Yeah, because I did NPL and it was, uhm, it was just there really, but NPL, we haven't got any NPL, but this is, yeah, so it's a CT basically, but it's a certain CT.