0:03 Hello mate, uhm, so I've gone through, and I've done the 27th of the 7th, so I've kind of, I've pulled in like 9 teams worth of data, uhm.
0:16 Thank you. Uhm, so I've, uhm, pulled in the data for 9 teams, and I'm just trying to, uhm, just trying to go through it to test the system out.
0:27 So this one obviously goes from 5.30 to 5.30, so that's okay, and I've kind of like categorized it off if you like.
0:38 And then, so this one is the first one to get split. And this is how we do it on site if you like, because this would be, if you consider for the shift, this is the shift starting on the 27th of the 7th, so it goes from then to then.
0:52 And then it'll also go into the, the next day, if you like, eventually, uhm. But this would be from shift start 26th.
1:04 Does that make sense? Although it's on the 27th, We're not looking at DPRs at this stage, we're looking at shifts, so you kind of make more sense of the shift if it's all grouped together.
1:15 So that one plus the remaining 5 hours and 30 minutes. It's on the, uhm, 28th is what it'd be. Uhm, so hopefully that makes sense.
1:29 Uhm, duh, duh, duh. So this one again is fine, 6-18-30, 12 hours covered. What I don't, what I don't really understand is why they're all green, but they're shown as amber in here, so it's 9 as amber, uhm, and green complete.
1:45 Uhm, So if you wanted to go through and have a look at each of these teams and see what it currently looks like, the next stage is obviously to get it out of here.
1:57 Maybe the green means checked. If you like, we've got 9 with time there, but, uhm, 0, like, fully checked off.
2:05 So I don't know if there's a way of kind of just having it, you know, this, the timesheet again, you know, with, at the minute we're talking about two timesheets here, because this one's split from 7-30, you know, so really it should be this one and then the following 7 hours, 30 minutes.
2:21 Because it's the shift start date, if you like, that we should be looking at in this page, Capture and Clarify.
2:28 and yeah I think I think kind of what it should be is like almost kind of like a a button there to kind of you know lock for clarify if you like so it gets locked for clarify and then it drops off of off of here you know it's just got a tick there or something or tick and it's kind of locked so you can't
2:48 edit it and then once they're all done it kind of it's removed from here because they're all 9 in there and then you'd have to kind of send it back from clarify so clarify now needs a lot of work to get it caught up with capture so it should be it should be I'll wait for it to load up but clarified history
3:07 and queue all kind of like well-wrong now it needs to be the same setup as capture to you know for uniformity if you like and obviously you don't need to see 10 11 12 because they're all being crossed off from the team setup 10 11 12 yeah see it's a bit of a lag of this as well so if I change date it
3:32 kind of does that and then does that it's a bit weird anyway going back to and if I could so when I'm on team setup if I click this date it doesn't jump to it I have to click that and then click the date it's a shame so if you could kind of like do it so it clicked there anyway go back to there yeah 
3:56 so so like I said I think I think kind of once we had the data in kind of like shift 8 form then it would be it kind of more usable I think especially in this stage yeah and then like I said kind of way of locking it in so that it then you know once this is is fully locked it would then drop into clarify
4:26 so I want this to be what clarify looks like so at the top you've kind of got those selectors the date selectors and again on there because this is this is like a workflow once you know 27th now I've approved it all I should be able to not see the 27th because it's not an outstanding item anymore because
4:43 it's already in clarify right waiting for me to do that and unless I set it back to capture it's kind of almost like a workflows you know I mean that's the way I see it working so so yeah I think I think if you can get this up to date looking like capture then we'll be in a better place and I can I can
4:58 review that thanks mate