0:01 Hi mate, I'm just looking at this, uhm, and there's quite a bit of space in this, so I'm thinking it would be good to add, uhm, the first bit of this, if you like, so we could kind of, uhm, we could specify if it's effective working time, non-working time, or, uhm, weather downtime.
0:23 time so just again if we could use AI later on that'd be great but just to kind of like give it the first once over transfer to OSS would be yeah this is non working time non working time non working time effective working time effective working time effective working time effective working time non 
0:47 working time non working time effective working time uh, non working time yeah so it's just kind of like going down it, uhm if we could just kind of, yeah, be able to click it, maybe it'd have like maybe it could have like three buttons there or something so yeah I'm just trying to you know just make
1:17 it a quick action so it can just be specified which one of the three I options it is, uhm, then the guy can quickly, it's like a, it's like a partial clarify if you like, uhm, but yeah that would make sense to me, uhm, yeah, it's going from, I don't know if you noticed there, but it was going from 5.30pm
1:53 it said and then it said 17.30 when I clarified it. I'll try it again. It's quite slow to transfer it in, I don't know if that's, uhm, just what it's got to be.
2:59 It's quite slow dropping in as well, again, I don't know if it's, if it has to be that slow or if maybe it's a way of, of speeding it up.
3:07 And I don't like the way it kind of jumps out and goes right, if you like, if I select on that it kind of offsets it.
3:17 Uhm. Yeah, so if there was like, so once I've done that, cleaned that up. Then I would be able to kind of go, you know, which one of the three it is here, if you like, just by clicking on it.
3:40 Effective working time, non-working time, weather downtime, that kind of thing. So, just again thinking out loud what that might look like.
3:55 Yeah, and then on here we wouldn't, because it's taking up a lot of space, on here. And as soon as I actually start to, if I see this, it pushes everything right, so you can't quite see anything.
4:10 So now it's like, it's all the way over here. Uhm, but yeah, I mean, I don't know if, if this has to be that big.
4:21 If it could just be like a quick fill, and then just a magnifying glass, and if I click it, it opens up text box bigger then it wouldn't be taking so much space and then when I when I selected that obviously it kind of is pushing everything right which isn't isn't great Uhm, yeah, I don't know if it 
4:47 could be, like, once it's, once the text catches, it could be a lot more like that, and you could click on it, you know, kind of, you could click on it and then it would allow you to enter more information.
4:57 I guess we don't actually need notes over there because the notes are over here.