Let me, um, so, okay, let me start for the top down. So, like I said before, I think if projects could go above dashboard, then the dashboard could, um, could be kind of that general overview of the whole thing, um, so yeah, so above dashboard would be the likes of Seavow, so let's say Seavow above there
0:23
and then dashboard, then strings, um, so I wonder how kind of, um, you know, I wonder how kind of useful that is, I know that's kind of what we said originally but just looking at it in the moment.
0:38
What it seems to work well. Here is this, so OSP, or, and then it goes down a string and then it kind of, with under here, although kind of locations are here, enough it actually happens when you click them.
0:55
Um, so perhaps kind of, you know, locations could be the same under here, so you could kind of, um, yeah, you can kind of like pick the string and then here would be location and pick the locations and then below location.
1:11
cable maybe so you could either pick a location or cable and it would you know I kind of like the whole thing there is almost unless we've got an idea something putting something else in there.
1:22
Really I kind of, I see that as the navigation part with the, with the towers and then phases again could probably be within here because we've got installation phases, um, or tests so that could all be part is kind of top navigation or it could be on the side navigation and you kind of like select it
1:42
from there. Um, but yeah, so, so I kind of see it all as kind of navigating that. Um, like I said, the images.
1:53
So yeah, at the minute it's just OSP, but ideally, I mean, because you connected to SIVA anyway, maybe you could kind of pull that.
2:00
All in, um, so that you know, it can be navigated all the images can be navigated. Uh, once it is, um, so I don't know if you've seen this but we've got like a stamp on here.
2:12
Um, I wonder if we can kind of like, use this and again, we want to be able to just asking the question that, um, but part of the review process rather than the guy just, just kind of opening it and then, um, kind of approving or, uh, uh.
2:31
or rejecting whatever, not that I can see an option, but perhaps they can kind of like edit it here, like crop it or, yeah, crop it, I guess, or.
2:40
Or, or kind of, you know, maybe even, this is where the labels generate because this is often not incorrect but it's just a bit, bit ugly really.
2:48
Um, and part of this process is, is kind of done automatically but I think it kind of loses some of the integrity of the, the actual photo.
2:57
So, if this could be the original in here and then part of the approval process is the guy adjusts it.
3:04
Maybe you kind of like, resenters it, crops it or whatever and then apply the stamp. And then within it kind of this the generic stamp would become the text here and then you Click apply and then it would go in the in the corner Perhaps something like that It's just an idea mate.
3:21
Um, let me know the capabilities and if that is possible or not, if I'm boggling the wrong tree. Um, again, kind of, you know, this is, this is what's a touch the image.
3:29
It's great. But I wonder if there's a way of, um, having some kind of, you know, comment to this as well.
3:36
Some, you know, obviously kind of like any image you've got. If we've got, if we've got a running commentary of it, they could also be in here.
3:42
Um, that might be good. Um, yeah, it's just, um, just ideas at a minute really mate. Um, and then documents, nothing's pulling at the minute.
3:50
Um, it but again if we could kind of I mean because the image is overlaid it's at a document I wonder if again that and if we would have the navigation that we've talked about here at the start of the call or start of the video, uh, along with the images below and the, the files below and the phases
4:11
up here, then, you know, the whole thing could work together really well. Or perhaps down the side. Like I said, you know, navigation wise, it really doesn't matter if it's at the top or down the side.
4:19
Just the fact that you're able to kind of interact with this, uh, like I said, click on the image kind of approve it, reject it, crop it, uh, stamp it.
4:28

I think all of that would be pretty cool if it was possible mate. Let me know. Yeah, let me know, mate.