0:02 Hello, mate, uhm, so I've, uhm, I've added a row, uhm, and then I want to add another row, but it won't let me.
0:15 What have I got to do, save it or something? I just, I think I just, oh, is that it? No, it's got to be the 17th.
0:39 I'll see it. See, I say, like, you see this, look, so it's like 07, obviously seconds are in there. I left them blank last time, it didn't pick it up.
1:22 So then I've got to click Save, yeah. So it's capturing it. I don't like how it jumps, kind of, in and out, do you know what I mean?
1:29 Like, if I add a row, it's not in line with it. Can you just make it in line with it?
1:34 Um, because I don't, I don't like this, how it kind of doesn't line up, it's like all offset. This lines up, uh, this nearly does, this nearly does.
1:45 But yeah, the end time, start time, you need to get rid of the seconds, because it's not, it's not registering it as a time, we don't need to know the seconds, do we?
1:53 So then once I've done that, how do I actually edit it? Because obviously the time's wrong. Yeah, you can't edit it.
2:03 Oh, I can see, mate. Um, there you go. See what I mean? It keeps jumping out and in, man. I hate it.
2:13 I hate the way it jumps in and out. It's like it needs to just, like, it's just so confusing. It's like there's a date there, there's a date here, it's in, there's these two that look like this.
2:25 So what's the situation man? It just needs to be like, lined up, do you know what I mean? I've no idea what's going on there, I just saved one of them and then it jumped somewhere else.
2:38 Yeah, can you have a look mate? Because I'm just, like I said before, you know, from a quality control point of view, I don't expect it to look like that and behave like that.
2:47 I expect to be able to go in here and be kind of almost telling you, like, this kind of stuff that we were talking about yesterday, rather than me going and have to figure out that by adding a row and not putting the seconds in, it doesn't function.
2:58 Because nobody's going to put, you know, 7 o'clock in the morning, 25.7 and 15 seconds, are they, as a user?
3:07 Like I said, I mean, I've touched on it before that the QC stuff needs to be done by you or whoever, but for me to go in here like straight away mate, I mean like my time's so limited and then I get into this and I hit that straight away.
3:20 And now I can't actually give you relevant feedback. I'm just doing the quality control. Which for me, it's just a bit of a waste, mate.
3:30 So let's get that locked out, please, mate. And there's a big, there's a lot of space, a lot of white space.
3:38 I don't know if you can compress it a bit. I mean, this size is fine, but you can see hardly any of the notes.
3:44 There's a massive gap next to location. There's a massive gap next to team. We know how big this is going to be.
3:49 It's as big as this. You know how big a location it's going to be because how big is your biggest location?
3:56 You know what I mean? They're all tiny. Except for this one. Port of Immingham. Vessel. So if the text is the same size as this, then it should be able to fit in there, shouldn't it?
4:05 Most of the context is going to come from the notes and you can't even see it. So how are you supposed to decide what this activity group is?
4:12 Because you can see like a fraction of what the comment is. Yeah, man. So let's just work on that, mate, because like I said, I mean, this stuff's cool.
4:22 This is pretty disappointing, mate. I mean, we're still going around in circles on the same first bit. I know you want to get on to clarify, But I can't get out.
4:29 I can't get out capture mate, which is crazy really been working on capture for the last four days So, please have a look at it mate.
4:35 Please do a bit of QA on it and let's let's move forward