0:02 Hello mate, uhm, so this is probably worth going through it. So these are the, like, reference tables if you like.
0:09 Uhm, you've got locations, there's no IDs against them yet. Uhm, these are the locations, these are the cables, although I don't think I was using them.
0:18 These are the activity streams, so the teams, and these are the activity groups. These are the, so that's the activity group, and there's the relevant activity.
0:28 And then And here you should find that there's the last one. Work activity, so that would be, you'd be able to look that up there, and then see the work activity we put against it, and our, ah, potential comments.
0:46 And the way this will work really is, uhm, as, uhm, as, uhm, as we kind of add a row, or, so the row would come in, or rows would come in, with a basic amount of information from the team's WhatsApp timesheet, and then this would be in here, and then it would be a case of kind of, like, requiring the
1:15 team on site to, uhm, to categorise it basically, uhm. So, we would, uhm, so in the remarks, I see this being kind of like, so the team captures remarks so that's in there already and then I'd want to kind of, as I said before, we've got, we've got the, the, the activity group and the activity selected
1:46 , uhm, we need to, we need to pre-select this, so this could either be done by the WhatsApp bot or if it hasn't, then we will do in the table or on our own web application as we're doing it and then also, uhm, you know, so we pick that, pick that and then it would be kind of related JDR codes to that
2:06 because I want to, so if I was to make you, you know, I think it's a bit more kind of like for this, so waiting on, because theirs for example is just standby, EDT, other, non-working time and then waiting on mechanical, waiting on mechanical information, waiting on employer technical feedback, so you'd
2:24 be able to select Bye. Uh, and then select that, and then it would record that in the sheet, if you like, and then in our, in our actual LaTeX data output, we would have a comment, which is, the, the remark captured on the site team, but also those two, uhm, JDR activities I just said, so, waiting on
2:49 technical information, waiting on employer technical feedback, so, it would have all of those in this comment, along with the comment captured by the team.
2:57 And then, the guy would be able to edit that as he sees fit, or, we maybe even, kind of use AI to, to look at that, and, and create a better summary of the time, just so that, then, we can kind of, like, it reads well in the DPR, but it's also, we've got against it, we've got, you know, these, uhm, if
3:21 we were to put it in here, for example, uhm, we've got the JDR code in here, and, the JDR generic or comment, so, JDR code, JDR comment, and, yeah, and then we'd be able to kind of look it up, if you like, based on those, those have been selected, do you know what I mean?
3:42 We'd be able to kind of pull that data and group it together, because we're all, well then, just use their, use their code, which is, uhm, uhm, this one, this one's used loads of times, so, it's going to be a big bucket with lots of different types of time in it, which I'm trying to avoid.
3:59 So, uhm, so, yeah, I just wanted to give you a nice idea of, of what that looked like. This was more just to clean it up, so we don't need that anymore.
4:05 Get rid of it. So, yeah, it's more kind of, you know, that JDR, like that initial bit where we, where we put a lot more kind of, like, information against that original timesheet that's captured from a team.
4:17 This gets bulked out a lot with, uh, relevant information that's attached to it, and then we have that output. And this is, this is what the output looks like for, for the LaTeX system.
4:29 It's really, really reduced down. That's why our comments got to be , uhm, got to capture everything in this one comment box.
4:36 So we're unlimited to the amount of text we can put in there. So we just have to, uh, have to be clever with how we compile it really, just to make sure we get our point across.
4:44 Uh, in here as well we've also got, uh, team, uh, team, team, taskpacks, teampacks, activity employees. So we'll work on that later, but for now, let's just get started on this, I think.